Update the proposal for UTCClock to reflect the discussion surrounding it (#1445)
swiftlang/swift-foundation: Proposals/0027-UTCClock.md

    if let when = Calendar(identifier: .iso8601).nextDate(after: Date(), matching: nextSunday, matchingPolicy: .nextTime) {
      try await UTCClock().sleep(until: when)
      try await synchronize()
    }
  }
}
```

The applications for which span from mobile to desktop to server environments and have a wide but specific set of use cases. It is worth noting that this new type should not be viewed as a replacement to the SuspendingClock or ContinuousClock, since those others have key functionality for representing behavior where the concept of time would be inappropriate to be non-monotonic. Further construction around the Date and the behavior after the suspension can accommodate for other uses and it can be a part of a composition to offer a civil/human alarm system - however that concept is well beyond the scope of the UTCClock itself (and this proposal). 

## Detailed design

These additions can be broken down into three categories; the `UTCClock` definition, the conformance of `Date` to `InstantProtocol`, and the extensions for vending epochs. All of these will live along side Date in the Foundation essentials module.

> The structure of the `UTCClock` is trivially sendable since it houses no specific state and has the defined typealias of its `Instant` as `Date`. The minimum feasible resolution of `Date` is 1 nanosecond. The sleep method may respond to host system time adjustments; e.g. if a system has it's time changed manually or if the system adjusts the time drift via ntp updates so the sleep method, unlike ContinuousClock, is not strictly monotonic. However, since UTC itself is the root definition of timezones[^timezones] there is no daylight savings time adjustment; any calculation for accounting to DST must be done before hand by interacting with the Calendar and deriving a Date accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the `UTCClock` is trivially sendable since it houses no specific state and has the defined typealias of its `Instant` as `Date`. The minimum feasible resolution of `Date` is 1 nanosecond. The sleep method may respond to host system time adjustments; e.g. if a system has its time changed manually or if the system adjusts the time drift via ntp updates so the sleep method, unlike ContinuousClock, is not strictly monotonic. However, since UTC itself is the root definition of timezones[^timezones] there is no daylight savings time adjustment; any calculation for accounting to DST must be done before hand by interacting with the Calendar and deriving a Date accordingly.
```

```swift
@available(FoundationPreview 6.3, *)
public struct UTCClock: Sendable {
  public typealias Instant = Date
  public init()
}

@available(FoundationPreview 6.3, *)
extension UTCClock: Clock {

>     public func sleep(until deadline: Date, tolerance: Duration? = nil) async throws

Reviewer: Can we spell out the behavior of this function if `deadline < Date.now` in the comment?

> The extension of `Date` conforms it to `InstantProtocol` and adds one addition "near miss" of the protocol as an additional function that in practice feels like a default parameter. This `duration(to:includingLeapSeconds:)` function provides the calculation of the duration from one point in time to another and calculates if the span between the two points includes a leap second or not. This calculation can be used for historical astronomical data since the irregularity of the rotation causes variation in the observed solar time. Those points are historically fixed and are a known series of events at specific dates (in UTC)[^utclist].

Reviewer: Is this part an outdated version of the previous? I don't see a `duration(to:includingLeapSeconds:)`. Should it just be `func duration(to other: Date)`? 

And the functionality to get the leap seconds between two would be covered by `public static func leapSeconds(from start: Date, to end: Date) -> Duration` below

## Alternatives considered

It was considered to add a protocol joining the epochs as a "EpochClock" but that offers no real algorithmic advantage worth introducing a new protocol. Specialization of functions should likely just use where clauses to the specific instant or clock types.

> It was considered to add a new `Instant` type instead of depending on `Date` however this was rejected since it would mean re-implementing a vast swath of the supporting APIs for `Calendar` and such. The advantage of this is minimal and does not counteract the additional API complexity. This consideration did delve into the idea of moving Date to a lower scope and also changing it's storage, however due to the complexity of that; it is considered a non-goal of this proposal and squarely in the out of scope territory. The beneifit of scheduling and appropriate calculations with regards to leap seconds are valueable on their own and distinctly seperable tasks to any sort of re-orgnaization of Date et al.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
It was considered to add a new `Instant` type instead of depending on `Date` however this was rejected since it would mean re-implementing a vast swath of the supporting APIs for `Calendar` and such. The advantage of this is minimal and does not counteract the additional API complexity. This consideration did delve into the idea of moving Date to a lower scope and also changing its storage, however due to the complexity of that; it is considered a non-goal of this proposal and squarely in the out of scope territory. The benefit of scheduling and appropriate calculations with regards to leap seconds are valuable on their own and distinctly separable tasks to any sort of re-organization of Date et al.
```
